plugins: nordic-hid: Document dfu_application.zip v1 support and update external links (#7993)
fwupd/fwupd: plugins/nordic-hid/README.md

## Introduction

This plugin is able to update the firmware for the hardware supported by [nRF Desktop](https://www.nordicsemi.com/Products/Reference-designs/nRF-Desktop) application reference design developed as part of the [nRF Connect SDK](https://docs.nordicsemi.com/bundle/ncs-latest/page/nrf/applications/nrf_desktop/README.html).
Tested with the following devices:

* [nRF52840 Development Kit](https://docs.nordicsemi.com/bundle/ncs-latest/page/zephyr/boards/nordic/nrf52840dk/doc/index.html)
* [nRF52840 Dongle](https://docs.nordicsemi.com/bundle/ncs-latest/page/zephyr/boards/nordic/nrf52840dongle/doc/index.html)

> * Boards specific to the nRF Desktop reference design: nRF52840 Gaming Mouse, nRF52832 Desktop Keyboard

Reviewer: Consider, can be ignored - can we put that as nested list?
```
* Boards specific to the nRF Desktop reference design: 
  * nRF52840 Gaming Mouse
  * nRF52832 Desktop Keyboard
```

The plugin is using Nordic Semiconductor [HID configuration channel](https://developer.nordicsemi.com/nRF_Connect_SDK/doc/latest/nrf/applications/nrf_desktop/doc/config_channel.html) to perform devices update.

## Firmware Format

The cabinet file contains ZIP archive prepared by Nordic Semiconductor.
This ZIP archive includes either 1 or 2 signed image blobs for the target device (one firmware blob per application update slot) and the `manifest.json` file with the metadata description.

> At the moment only [nRF Secure Immutable Bootloader](https://docs.nordicsemi.com/bundle/ncs-latest/page/nrf/samples/bootloader/README.html) aka "B0" is supported and tested.

Reviewer: I wonder, what about MCUboot? IIRC there is some support for it, should we mention anything about it?

Author: Added as a separate comment

## Introduction

This plugin is able to update the firmware for the hardware supported by [nRF Desktop](https://www.nordicsemi.com/Products/Reference-designs/nRF-Desktop) application reference design developed as part of the [nRF Connect SDK](https://docs.nordicsemi.com/bundle/ncs-latest/page/nrf/applications/nrf_desktop/README.html).
Tested with the following devices:

* [nRF52840 Development Kit](https://docs.nordicsemi.com/bundle/ncs-latest/page/zephyr/boards/nordic/nrf52840dk/doc/index.html)
* [nRF52840 Dongle](https://docs.nordicsemi.com/bundle/ncs-latest/page/zephyr/boards/nordic/nrf52840dongle/doc/index.html)

> * Boards specific to the nRF Desktop reference design:
>   * nRF52840 Gaming Mouse
>   * nRF52832 Desktop Keyboard

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Boards specific to the nRF Desktop reference design:

  * nRF52840 Gaming Mouse
  * nRF52832 Desktop Keyboard
```

Author: The empty line is not needed for Markdown (see https://blog.markdowntools.com/posts/using-nested-lists-and-sub-bullets-in-markdown for an example)

The plugin is using Nordic Semiconductor [HID configuration channel](https://developer.nordicsemi.com/nRF_Connect_SDK/doc/latest/nrf/applications/nrf_desktop/doc/config_channel.html) to perform devices update.

## Firmware Format

The cabinet file contains ZIP archive prepared by Nordic Semiconductor.
This ZIP archive includes either 1 or 2 signed image blobs for the target device (one firmware blob per application update slot) and the `manifest.json` file with the metadata description.

> At the moment only [nRF Secure Immutable Bootloader](https://docs.nordicsemi.com/bundle/ncs-latest/page/nrf/samples/bootloader/README.html) aka "B0" is supported and tested.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
At the moment only [nRF Secure Immutable Bootloader](https://docs.nordicsemi.com/bundle/ncs-latest/page/nrf/samples/bootloader/README.html) ("B0") is supported and tested.
```

The [MCUboot bootloader](https://docs.nordicsemi.com/bundle/ncs-latest/page/mcuboot/wrapper.html) support is experimental.

> When used with MCUboot bootloader, the plugin supports updating application in one of the following modes:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When you use with MCUboot bootloader, the plugin supports application update in one of the following modes:
```

* swap mode - MCUboot bootloader swaps the application images located on the secondary and primary slots before booting a new image

> * direct-xip mode - MCUboot bootloader boots a new application image directly from the secondary image slot

Author: Ok, seems that I initially oversimplified this one. Updating

> * direct-xip mode - MCUboot bootloader boots a new application image directly from the secondary image slot

Author: Trying not to make this section too long, please check if it's ok now.

> * direct-xip mode - MCUboot bootloader boots a new application image directly from the secondary image slot

Reviewer: looks good, resolved

> * swap mode - MCUboot bootloader swaps the application images located on the secondary and primary slots before booting the new image from the primary slot
> * direct-xip mode - MCUboot bootloader boots a new application image directly from either primary or secondary image slot (the bootloader boots application image with higher version)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Swap mode - MCUboot bootloader swaps the application images located on the secondary and primary slots before booting the new image from the primary slot.
* Direct-xip mode - MCUboot bootloader boots a new application image directly from either primary or secondary image slot (the bootloader boots application image with higher version).
```

This plugin has been available since fwupd version `1.7.3`.

> Since the [nRF Connect SDK v2.7.0 release](https://docs.nordicsemi.com/bundle/ncs-latest/page/nrf/releases_and_maturity/releases/release-notes-2.7.0.html), the format version of the `dfu_application.zip` file generated by the build system was updated from `0` to `1`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The format version of the `dfu_application.zip` file generated by the build system was updated from `0` to `1` since the [nRF Connect SDK v2.7.0 release](https://docs.nordicsemi.com/bundle/ncs-latest/page/nrf/releases_and_maturity/releases/release-notes-2.7.0.html), 
```

> The format version `1` is supported by the fwupd since the `1.9.25` release.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The format version `1` is supported by the fwupd since the 1.9.25 release.
```

Author: I prefer to keep the syntax here (that's how fwupd version is referred to in other places)

## Owners

> Anyone can submit a pull request to modify this plugin, but the following people should be consulted before making major or functional changes:
> 
> * Marek Pieta: @MarekPieta

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Anyone can submit a pull request to modify this plugin, but make sure to consult Marek Pieta: @MarekPieta before making major or functional changes.
```
